SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 32 (#11417)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/winforms/advanced/how-to-apply-gamma-correction-to-a-gradient.md

  
 The following illustration shows the two filled rectangles. The top rectangle, which does not have gamma correction, appears dark in the middle. The bottom rectangle, which has gamma correction, appears to have more uniform intensity.  
  

>  ![Diagram that shows two gradient-filled rectangles.](./media/how-to-apply-gamma-correction-to-a-gradient/two-rectangles-gamma-gradient.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Two gradient-filled rectangles, with and without gamma correction.](./media/how-to-apply-gamma-correction-to-a-gradient/two-rectangles-gamma-gradient.png)  
```
